Check s2 metadata (#151)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-autorift: CHANGELOG.md

and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.8.5]

### Added

> * A check for s2 metadata from the Google Earth catalog saved in `s2_metadata.zip`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Earth Search STAC catalog is incomplete for Sentinel-2 L1C, with many more scenes in the AWS bucket than the catalog. When a S2 scene cannot be found in the STAC catalog, `hyp3-autorift` will fall back to a bundled S2 metadata catalog derived from an inventory of scenes in the AWS bucket and the Google Earth catalog. 
```
This is super extra verbose, but might help us later
